rofi: 1.7.9.1 -> 2.0.0 (#440189)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/release-notes/rl-2511.section.md

- `pulsemeeter` has been updated to `2.0.0`. The configuration file from older versions has to be deleted. For more information and instructions see the [v2.0.0 changelog entry](https://github.com/theRealCarneiro/pulsemeeter/releases/tag/v2.0.0).

> - `rofi` has been updated to `2.0.0`. `rofi-wayland` and `rofi-wayland-unwrapped` have been merged into `rofi` and `rofi-unwrapped` respectively. For more information and instructions see the [v2.0.0 changelog entry](https://github.com/davatorium/rofi/releases/tag/2.0.0).

Reviewer: Are there major backwards incompatibilities on 2.0.0? This doesn't seem like it needs a changelog entry in the Nixpkgs manual.

> - `rofi` has been updated to `2.0.0`. `rofi-emoji-wayland` has been merged into `rofi-emoji`. For more information and instructions see the [v2.0.0 changelog entry](https://github.com/davatorium/rofi/releases/tag/2.0.0).

Reviewer 2: For this line I think it'd be clearer to start mentioning the change, then why it changed (easier to quick-read IMO).

Something like:
```suggestion
- `rofi-emoji-wayland` has been merged into `rofi-emoji` as `rofi` has been updated to `2.0.0` and supports both X11 & Wayland.
```

Author: What would be your suggested notes for `rofi-wayland` and `rofi-wayland-unwrapped`?

Author: And I think that the release notes should match the messages in aliases.nix, shouldn't they?
